[Doc] secret backend documentation (#99)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/secret_management.md

# Secrets Management for the API and APP keys

> The Datadog-Operator is able to retrieves the datadog credentials securely thanks to 3 different methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Operator is able to retrieve the Datadog credentials securely using these three methods:
```

> The Datadog-Operator is able to retrieves the datadog credentials securely thanks to 3 different methods.

Reviewer 2: suggesting to revise to:
"Datadog Operator can be configured to retrieve the API and App Keys using secrets for enhanced security. There are three methods you can choose from to set it up:"

Author: it can also be used for the token exchange between the agent and cluster-agent.

> ## 1. Plain credentials in DatadogAgent resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Plain credentials in Datadog Agent resource
```

Author: `DatadogAgent` should be in one word. it is a Kubernetes resource name.

@apigirl is it more clear if we put:
```suggestion
## 1. Plain credentials in `DatadogAgent` kubernetes resource
```

Reviewer 2: IMO either "DatadogAgent resource" or "DatadogAgent custom resource" should be fine. Kubernetes is a bit redundant since we are in the context of Kubernetes already

> this is the simplest way to provide the credentials that will be used by the agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add credentials to the Agent:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiKey: "<api-key>"
    appKey: "<app-key>"
  # ...
```

> The credentials provided here will be stored in a Secret created by the Operator. By setting properly the `RBAC` on the `DatadogAgent` CRD. It is possible to limit who is able to see those credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credentials provided here will be stored in a Secret created by the Operator. By setting properly the `RBAC` on the `DatadogAgent` CRD, it is possible to limit who is able to see those credentials.
```

> But still, it is not the best solution in terms of security. This solution is good for testing purposes.

Reviewer: If this isn't secure, we should remove this whole section and not even offer it as an option

Author: if someone want to test the operator quickly, this is the simpler way. That is why I'm adding this option in the doc.

maybe I can move this sentence at the beginning of this section, wdyt?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I'd suggest to remove it and instead add the following to line 7:
"This is the simplest way to provide the credentials to the agents. This method is recommended for testing purposes only."

Author: PR updated.
I think we are good to merge it.

## 2. Use secret(s) references

> Another solution is to provide the name of the secret(s) that store the credentials. like this the `DatadogAgent` resource doesn't contain any credentials as plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another solution is to provide the name of the secret(s) that store the credentials:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiKeyExistingSecret: "my-api-key-secret"
    appKeyExistingSecret: "my-app-key-secret"
  # ...
```

> In this case, the secret(s) should exist before trying to create the `DatadogAgent`, else the deployment will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the secret before deploying the Datadog Agent, or the deployment fails.
```

> In this case, the secret(s) should exist before trying to create the `DatadogAgent`, else the deployment will failed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this case, the secret(s) should exist before trying to create the `DatadogAgent`, else the deployment will fail.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-api-key-secret
data:
  api_key: <api-key>

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-app-key-secret
data:
  app_key: <app-key>
```

> The keys used in the secret(s) are important. for the "API key" the key inside the secret should be `api_key`, and for the "APP key" it is `app_key`.

Reviewer 3: When I read this I thought we were referring to the credentials not the data keys in the secret
```suggestion
The data keys used in the secret(s) are important. for the "API key" the key inside the secret should be `api_key`, and for the "APP key" it is `app_key`.
```

> **Remarks:**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note:**
```

> * It is possible to use the same secret to store both credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use the same secret to store both credentials:
```

    ```yaml
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      name: my-credentials
    data:
      api_key: <api-key>
      app_key: <app-key>
    ```

## 3. Use the Secret backend feature

> The Datatog Operator is compatible with the ["Secret backend" feature][1] implemented initialy in the datadog agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datatog Operator is compatible with the ["Secret backend" feature][1] implemented.
```

### How Deploy the Datadog-Operator with the secret backend activated

The first step is to create a container image from the `datadog/operator` that contains the secret backend command.

The following Dockerfile example takes the `datadog/operator:latest` image as the base image and copies the `my-secret-backend.sh` script file.

```Dockerfile
FROM datadog/operator:latest
COPY ./my-secret-backend.sh /my-secret-backend.sh
RUN chmod 755 /my-secret-backend.sh
```

```console
$ docker build -t datadog-operator-with-secret-be:latest .
success
```

Then, during the installation or the update of the "Datadog Operator" deployment the value parameter: `.Values.secretBackend.command` should be set with the secret backend command path (inside the container).

> Also don't for get use the "custom" Datadog Operator container image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Also don't forget to use the "custom" Datadog Operator container image.
```

```console
$ helm [install|upgrade] dd-operator --set "secretBackend.command=/my-secret-backend.sh" --set "image.repository=datadog-operator-with-secret-be" ./chart/datadog-operator
success
```

> ### How deploy agents using the secret backend feature with DatadogDeployment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### How deploy agents using the secret backend feature with DatadogAgent
```
